# Forevermark-Ties-Up-With-Fortofino-Lucknow-Tata-CLiQ-Luxury-
Forevermark has recently tied up with jewellery retailer Fortofino as well as the Tata CLiQ Luxury lifestyle platform. Film star Yami Gautam graced the launch of Forevermark at Fortofino’s 1,200-sq-ft boutique in Lucknow spread across two floors.  Sachin Jain, Managing Director, De Beers India, said, “It is a proud moment for us to launch our first boutique in Lucknow. We are delighted to strengthen our partnership with our trusted retailer, Fortofino, who shares our passion for diamonds, as well as our approach to business, social and environmental integrity by opening our 14th boutique store in the country.” Highlighting the partnership, Kunal Talla, Director, Fortofino, added, “We have been associated with De Beers Forevermark through exclusive boutiques across Jammu, Ludhiana, Gurgaon, Ambala, Chandigarh and now in Lucknow. Also, it is only due to the enormous success already achieved, we have now launched, De Beers Forevermark’s exclusive boutique in Lucknow.”  In a separate statement, Tata CLiQ Luxury introduced fine jewellery on its platform with the launch of De Beers Forevermark. Nine trending collections will be available on the platform across various product categories. The collections available on the platform include the Avaanti Collection, Icon Collection, the Capricci nose pin collection, the stackable ring Tribute Collection apart from others. In addition, the exquisite Forevermark Artemis Collection created by renowned New York-based fashion designer Bibhu Mohapatra, will also be offered on the platform.   Gitanjali Saxena, Business Head – Global Luxury, Tata CLiQ Luxury said, “We are delighted to introduce our fine jewellery portfolio with the launch of De Beers Forevermark on Tata CLiQ Luxury. We look forward to offering this iconic brand to our discerning customers and will continue to enhance their overall online luxury shopping experience.” Jain noted, “This partnership has enabled us to reach consumers across the country who are looking at purchasing natural, genuine diamonds. We look forward to this association and hope that Tata CLiQ Luxury consumers appreciate our offering.” To know more: https://gjepc.org/solitaire/forevermark-ties-up-with-fortofino-lucknow-tata-cliq/
